CLOUD-266-PXC-document-proxysql-servicetype-option added the servicet… (#183)
percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: source/operator.rst

  imagePullSecrets.name, string, ``private-registry-credentials``, The `Kubernetes imagePullSecrets <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#using-imagepullsecrets>`_ for the ProxySQL image.
  annotations, label, ``iam.amazonaws.com/role: role-arn``, `Kubernetes annotations <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/>`_ metadata.
  labels, label, ``rack: rack-22``, `Labels are key-value pairs attached to objects. <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/>`_

>   servicetype, string,``Cluster IP``, Specifies the type of IP address to be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  servicetype, string,``ClusterIP``, Specifies the type of `Kubernetes Service <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services-service-types>` to be used. 
```
